Grand Central Station

  The teal stone starfield loomed into view as Chalk strode the last few stairs into the station's grand concourse. He straightened up underneath the arch and a twinge shot through his right knee. He wobbled and held his breath, silently begging the ACL Judge for just a few more hours' reprieve.
  He probably deserved the mutiny, he knew. Between coaching his son's Padded Jogging team on alternate Sundays and the seventeen extra stairs (each way, he reminded himself; it adds up) introduced by his new commute ever since the transfer his daily millimeters of ligament stretch must regularly exceed his body's repair capacity.
  And that meant injury. And injury never went unnoticed.
  Chalk started across the concourse, joining the flow of foot traffic behind a broad-backed man whose multi-colored patchwork pseudo-leather coat stretched out enormous across his field of vision.
  They walked past tunnels to trains, the glowing, gold-framed signs above their doors calling out departures for Toronto and Austin.
  There was something wrong with the man's gait, Chalk realized. He lurched as if his legs were changing length beneath him. And his head lolled forward on his neck, loose and rubbery.
  Chalk had never seen anything like it. He felt his pulse increase and his face flush with the faster-moving blood.
  As they approached the lines of people radiating out from the information kiosk at the center of the huge room, the man's lurches took him left, keeping him directly in Chalk's path to the ticket counter.
  Suddenly, the jacket moved.
  Chalk saw it distinctly. On the upper right of the man's back, a solid fist shape had pressed out, distorting the jacket's patchwork, then receded, as if an arm had tried to reach out from a part of the jacket with no arm hole.
  The man stood up sharply like he'd just heard his own name shouted across the concourse and Chalk had to pull up short to avoid walking straight into him, his face stopping just inches from an electric blue square of pseudo-leather.
  Before Chalk could do more than take a tentative step back, the man's hand shot up to his side, wrapping around his body in an awkward half-hug, his fingers groping at the ribs beneath his shoulder blade.
  It moved again. This time Chalk was close enough to hear it: a thump like a ball hitting a safety tarp.
  The man grunted audibly, the sound rose to an almost porcine squeal seeming to stick in his nasal passages. He hit the ground so fast it looked to Chalk like a stutter in a piece of streaming video.
  Without thinking Chalk dropped down to kneel at his side. As Chalk leaned over, the man's body arched violently, the force flipping him over onto his back. The landing knocked a grunt of breath out of him that wafted up towards Chalk, tunneling its way into his nasal passages and forcing him to yank his head back as if he'd been burned, his eyes watering.
  When Chuck's vision cleared, he saw that the side of the man's coat was squirming violently. Something was trapped in there and it was trying desperately to wriggle its way free.
  Then, he saw it. A thumb-shaped reddish-purple protrusion, glistening wetly up from the crevice of the man's armpit.
  It looked around. It didn't have eyes, but there was really no other way to describe the motion. The thing swiveled side-to-side like a prairie dog checking for predators before scampering across a plain. For a moment, it appeared to see him, to look straight at him.
  It darted forward, the head leaning down to wedge its way between the man's arm and his body, a wet ooze of mucus smearing on the coat at the contact points. It squeezed free. Its body, a triangular mass the size of a football, followed the head onto the pale tile floor. It looked dense like a slab of meat in a grocer's glass case.
  The thing shook itself, its sides shuddering, splattering drops of its mucus onto the tile and prone man. When it moved its bottom edge seemed to blur where it met the floor.
  After a long moment, the protuberance turned away from Chalk's face. It pointed itself east towards the entrance to the concourse and scurried off, picking up a surprising amount of speed. Twenty feet away, it swerved around a startled woman in a big fuzzy pink coat, under a double-wide stroller, around the information kiosk and out of view.
  Chalk stared after its receding mucus trail for a few beats before his thundering pulse quieted enough for the fallen man's guttural groans to register.
  He turned back to the man. Cautiously avoiding the could of astringent breath gathered around the man's face, Chalk leaned in. His moans had become mumbles.
  "Fucking tender," he thought he heard. "'Sbecome like...," he trailed off.
  Chalk risked a turn towards the man's face. His big cheeks were alarmingly ruddy and his unfocused eyes looked in different directions.
  Chalk grabbed his shoulder and shook, trying to keep him conscious. The man squealed as his back ground against the floor and his eyes opened alertly.
  "The liver was it?"
  Hardly a slur in his voice.
  "Tell Philly--" he broke off, his eyes briefly distant again.
  He started fidgeting.
  "Back itches something awful. Will you, uh...check back there?"
  He looked sideways, just over Chalk's left ear.
  "Is there a lot of blood?"
  Chalk hesitated a second and then reached his hand around the man's side. He patted down the coat and the tile floor but found only a thin slick residue of mucus. This was tinted pink, but hardly a pool of blood.
  "Doesn't seem much," he said. "Lift up."
  Haltingly, the man wedged himself onto one elbow, twisting his back off the tile. Chalk rearranged his legs so he could lean over to get a better look, hunting for a mucus-free patch of tile to plant his hand.
  Near the middle of the jacket, under the man's right shoulder blade, a frayed hole punched through the pseudo-leather.
  Chalk rolled over and got his knees under him, freeing his left hand. As he leaned past, the man watched him intently, squinted eyes revealing more interest than fear. Gingerly, Chalk pulled back the flaps of the hole to expose the wound, craning around to see inside.
  Only the wound wasn't there. There was only a smooth hairless expanse of back, edged by gnarled clumps of skin and sprayed with a fine pink mist of mucus.
  Suddenly, Chalk's head felt like it was trying to float off his neck. The station spun wildly around him and then Chalk heard his head hit the tile with a hollow thunk. After a second, the glowing cube of clocks above the information kiosk swam into view, preternaturally sharp against the dimming background. As the concourse's light vignetted in around their incandescent faces, Chalk realized: he was going to miss his train.


"Chalk Crompton?"  
  The bald man loomed over him. The food court's recessed neon lights reflected off his shiny pate forcing Chalk to squint and reducing the rest of his face to shadow.
  Chalk had been sitting here quietly for he didn't know how long, lost in the wash of crowd noise and the steam of the tea they'd brought him. After a briskly polite surance tech had pronounced him a mere fainting case, a uniformed police officer wrapped him in one of those dull gray blankets emergency crews seem to keep around for the express purpose of comfortingly enwrapping "victims" lacking visible gore or bandages and parked him here, well out of the way of the real action which centered on the fallen man and the scrum of surance functionaries who surrounded him. They'd left Chalk with a ream of paperwork that could choke your typical office copier but he hadn't been doing much more than fidgeting with it.
  "Chalk Crompton," the man repeated, making it sound not at all like a question. "Mr Crompton, I'd like to ask you a few questions if that's alright."
  The man's voice was surprisingly gentle. Chalk looked up. As his eyes adjusted he saw the man more clearly. His head was round and solid and his pinched features huddled together at its center.
  "Are you a cop?"
  "Can I sit down Mr. Crompton?"
  "Are you a cop?"
  The man regarded him mildly. 
  "I'm not a cop, Mr. Crompton. I'm Walter Mies, Lead Adjuster for Orgo Surance. A pleasure," he said, extending a meaty palm.
  Chalk tensed, the familiar twinge in his knee feeling almost audible in the abruptly quiet food court. He uncrossed his arms and half-rose to take the man's hand. The adjuster's handshake was firm, his palm cool and dry.
  "Call me Walter," he said as he maneuvered himself around the table and dropped into the chair beside Chalk.
  "Chalk Crompton," Chalk said, completing the introduction.
  "Are you feeling alright Chalk?" the adjuster asked. "You still look a little pale there."
  Despite himself, Chalk relaxed into the adjuster's avuncular manner.
  "I'd never seen one before, you know, actually happen," he said.
  "Startled you a bit?" Walter chuckled.
  "You could say that," Chalk said, seeing the thing's glistening head turning to look at him. "What," Chalk started, shivering off the vision, "what was wrong with that guy?"
  "Liver," Walter said.
  Chalk thought back to his C.A.T. classes, trying to remember if the district instructor had ever said anything about a connection between liver damage and halitosis.
  "Is that why his breath was like that?" he asked.
  Walter look puzzled for a second, his eyes narrowing. "Oh, his breath," he said with a burst of recognition. "No no. Kinda the other way 'round. Marissa, the tech back there," gesturing with his big head back at the stairs to the concourse, "just said he blew a 0.02, way over the damage limit."
  Chalk stared at him blankly, not following at all. 
  "He was drunk," Walter blurted, smiling wider and leaning in conspiratorially. "Must've spent the whole afternoon in one of those Wine Dens down in Alphabet City. Not the first time, either, from the looks of it. No way your new generation of Liver Judge'll stand for something like that."
  Chalk watched two twenty-something men in square haircuts and camouflage fatigues walk down the ramp from the bathrooms. Their blocky black riffles bumped against their hips casually as they rejoined the food court crowd.
  Drunk. On alcohol, he marveled.
  "But, My. Crompton, I'd like to talk about you for a minute, if you don't mind," Walter said. His gaze swung left and then right, taking in the enclosed square of food court seating in which they were ensconced. "Walk with me," he said, standing up with a screech of metal chair leg against tile.
   
  After:
  being debriefed downstairs in the food court near the chyron store
  what is the food like? 
  policeman needs to get information across:
  - what happened
  - insurance company policy etc
  
  
  Final scene of arriving at home:
  
  what does Chalk do?
  where is he commuting to?
  what is the suburb like?
  
  maybe his knee revolts at home? something with the kids?  