Jorge flipped his phone shut and let it clatter into the gray plastic bucket where it ended up nestled in a field of cylindrical rubber protuberances, the bottom of a cheap soccer sandal.

He wiggled his toes on the cool industrial carpet, letting its near-textureless pile smooth out the divots in his soles. He looked up at the security agent standing framed by the metal detector a few feet away who seemed to be mouthing something soundlessly in his direction. Jorge's vision focused on the agent's loose-fitting translucent blue gloves, feeling his own hands itch at the thought of their powdery latex. He pulled his headphones out one-handed, leaving the left bud to dangle in the crook of his neck blaring strange music tinily into the concourse.

"--through and raise your arms," the agent was saying. "And leave the headphones in the bin."

Jorge fiddled in his pocket and the music stopped. He reached back up, popped out the remaining bud, and used the trailing cord to gingerly pull the player up out of his pocket, like a hooked fish on the end of a lure, before swinging it around and dumping it unceremoniously into the bin.

As he stepped through the detector, the agent's eyes flicked up momentarily at its crossbar before coming to rest on Jorge's face. They locked eyes and Jorge raised his arms. The agent waved his black cricket bat-thing from Jorge's armpits down to his thighs. He straightened up for another pass along Jorge's extended arms, letting him hear the wand's quiet clicking as it crossed his shoulders, leaning in close enough for Jorge to smell his slightly sour body odor.

The agent brought the wand back to his side and nodded Jorge through. 

Jorge thought about his bag. He saw it the way the scanner would: the milky white of its now transparent lid, the antenna running its delicate spiral like the skeleton of a coiled snake, the dark rectangular mass of the USB port's enclosure nestled against the bag's bottom, unsuspicious.

He walked forward, the chocolate brown purse of the woman in front of him matching his pace as it rode its own gray bin down the incline of black rollers. The bag reached the bottom and its bin slid onto the brushed metal landing with a quiet hiss.

Jorge looked back up the incline and saw his own bag starting to emerge from the scanner.